N26: Circle Race & Monke Pizza (#803)
rust-gamedev/rust-gamedev.github.io: content/news/026/index.md

[veloren-011-dev-chats]:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J5Xz-vbE27Q
[veloren-011-release-blog]: https://veloren.net/release-0-11/

### [Circle Race]

![circle race](circle-race.jpg)

> Game made by [@kuviman] for [TriJam 135], where you need to create a game in 3 hours.
> The theme was "Circles"
> 
> You are a circle. Connected with two other "thruster" circles. Inside a circle.
> Consisting of "tire" circles.
> Circle around it to see what best time you can circle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Circle Race was made by [@kuviman] for [TriJam 135], where you needed to create
a game in three hours. The theme was "Circles". You are a circle, connected with
two other "thruster" circles. You play inside a circle, consisting of "tire"
circles. Circle around it to find your best circle time!
```

Made using [@kuviman]'s own engine [geng].

_Discussions:
[/r/rust_gamedev](https://www.reddit.com/r/rust_gamedev/comments/phyn7z/circle_race_game_made_in_3_hours_for_trijam/)_

[Circle Race]: https://kuviman.itch.io/circle-race
[@kuviman]: https://github.com/kuviman
[TriJam 135]: https://itch.io/jam/trijam-135
[geng]: https://github.com/kuviman/geng/

### [Monke Pizza]

![monke pizza](monke-pizza.jpg)

> Game made by [@kuviman] for [VimJam 2].
> The theme was "Boss" and limitation was "On the edge".
> 
> Online multiplayer monke pizza restaurant simulator.
> 
> You are always on the edge of being fired.
> That is if you work here.
> Otherwise you are on the edge of being hired.
> Because that is how BOSS is bossing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Game made by [@kuviman] for [VimJam 2]. The theme for this jam was "Boss" and
the limitation was "On The Edge".

Monke Pizza is an online multiplayer monke pizza restaurant simulator. You are
always on the edge of being fired. That is *if* you work here. Otherwise you are
on the edge of being hired. Because that is how BOSS is bossing.
```
